- [Instructor] As I mentioned,
we now need to add a listener class for listening
to our queue called order queue.
Springs make this so easy in listening
to a message queue for messages.
All you have to do is create a class
and use a few spring JMS annotations.
Let's do this now.
We'll call our class ...
The receiver class.
And we'll annotate it ...
With at component ...
Which will cause this class to be added
to the spring context as the application starts out.
It subsequently allows other spring beans to find it.
Inside of our class let's create
a method called receive message.
With a string message parameter.
We'll annotate this method with at JMS listener.
The JMS listener annotation can take several properties,
but we'll provide two mandatory:
the destination and the factory it will use.
The destination will be the order queue
which we specified earlier in sending a message
to the application, dot Java class.
The order queue is the queue that the JMS listener
is being configured to listen for JMS messages.
In order for this to work however,
it also needs to know which message queue server, or MOM,
that the queue resides on.
We satisfy this need by adding a container factor parameter.
And supplying it with the name ...
Specified in our application dot Java for the bean
which is named ...
Warehouse factory.
Okay.
Last thing we want to do
is add some system out print line statements.
To demonstrate that, we received a message.
We'll type.
Our application class,
we've already added a system out print line
to see when and where the message starts.
The last thing to do is build the program and run it.
Let's do that now.
Okay.
The message was sent to our ActiveMQ instance internally,
and automatically spring boot,
and then immediately pulled back
and brought through our JMS listener method.
This is a very quick demonstration
of how spring JMS simplifies and distills
the process of using JMS.